Rewrite docs to talk about composite databases instead of fabric (#1604)
neo4j/neo4j-documentation: cypher/cypher-docs/src/docs/dev/query-use.adoc

Where `<graph>` refers to the name or alias of a database in the DBMS.

[role=fabric]

> [[query-use-syntax-fabric]]

Reviewer: I guess a reminder if you haven't already is to search for this reference in both repos and make sure it is updated to avoid potentially broken links :)

This of course goes for all renamed references

> When running queries against a <<composite-databases, composite databases>>, the `USE` clause can also appear as the first clause of:

Reviewer: not both `a` and `databases`, pick one :P

Author: Nice catch - fixed

+
In subqueries, a `USE` clause may appear as the second clause, if directly following an <<subquery-correlated-importing, importing `WITH` clause>>

> When executing queries against a composite database, the USE clause must only refer to graphs that are constituents of the current composite database.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When executing queries against a composite database, the `USE` clause must only refer to graphs that are constituents of the current composite database.
```

[[query-use-examples]]
== Examples

> [[query-use-examples-query-graph-by-name]]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[[query-use-examples-query-graph]]
```

=== Query a graph

> In this example we assume that our DBMS contains a database named `myDatabase`:

Reviewer 2: We don't use we/our in the docs, so it's better to use "you" or omit it:

```suggestion
In this example it is assumed that the DBMS contains a database named `myDatabase`:
```

+
In subqueries, a `USE` clause may appear as the second clause, if directly following an <<subquery-correlated-importing, importing `WITH` clause>>

> When executing queries against a composite database, the `USE` clause must only refer to graphs that are constituents of the current composite database.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When executing queries against a composite database, the `USE` clause must only refer to graphs that are part of the current composite database.
```

----

> [[query-use-examples-query-composite-graph-by-name]]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[[query-use-examples-query-composite-database-constituent-graph]]
```

=== Query a composite database constituent graph

> In this example we assume that our DBMS contains a composite database named `myComposite`, containing an alias named `myConstituent`:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In this example it is assumed that the DBMS contains a composite database named `myComposite`, which has an alias named `myConstituent`:
```

.Query.
[source, cypher]
----
USE myComposite.myConstituent
MATCH (n) RETURN n
----

> [[query-use-examples-query-graph-by-graph-id]]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[[query-use-examples-query-composite-database-constituent-graph-dynamically]]
```

----

[[query-use-examples-query-composite-database-constituent-graph]]
=== Query a composite database constituent graph

> In this example it is assumed that the DBMS contains a composite database named `myComposite`, containing an alias named `myConstituent`:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In this example it is assumed that the DBMS contains a composite database named `myComposite`, which includes an alias named `myConstituent`:
```

.Query.
[source, cypher]
----
USE myComposite.myConstituent
MATCH (n) RETURN n
----

[[query-use-examples-query-composite-database-constituent-graph-dynamically]]
=== Query a composite database constituent graph dynamically

> The built-in function `graph.byName()` can be used in the `USE` clause to resolve a constituent graph from a string value containing the qualified name of a constituent.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The built-in function `graph.byName()` can be used in the `USE` clause to resolve a constituent graph from a string value including the qualified name of a constituent.
```

Author: It seems you're not very fond of the words describing containment, like "contain" and "in", and I'm fine with that :smile: But in this case "include" does not work.

Reviewer 2: It's just that it doesn't read very naturally in English, but it's still not wrong 😊

> This examples assumes the same setup as the previous one: a composite database named `myComposite`, containing an alias named `myConstituent`:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This example uses the same setup as the previous one, that is, a composite database named `myComposite`, which includes an alias named `myConstituent`:
```
